Doc 13791 eventing no rollong upgrade possible (#522)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/eventing/pages/troubleshooting-best-practices.adoc

= Troubleshooting and Best Practices
:page-edition: Enterprise Edition

> == What precautions should be taken before rolling an upgrade?

Reviewer: This is against style, we write in title case.

> In versions earlier to 8.0, running Eventing functions while rolling an upgrade causes server downtime. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Couchbase Server version 8.0 or earlier, running Eventing functions while rolling an upgrade causes server downtime. 
```

To avoid this, pause all the Eventing functions before you start the upgrade. 

> Resume the Eventing functions once the upgrade is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid server downtime, pause all your Eventing functions before you start an upgrade. 
Resume your Eventing functions after the upgrade is complete.
```

== Why do similar functions that I write seem to run slower in 7.0.0 than 6.6.2?

The default number of workers per function was 3 in 6.X and is now 1 in 7.0.0. 
You can raise the number of workers to 3 to get back the expected performance.

NOTE: All upgrades carry forward the configured number of workers in an Eventing Function so you do not have to worry about a production system slowing down during an upgrade.

Raising the worker counts should be down if you need higher levels of throughput, for example cURL functions access slow external REST endpoints need more workers to scale performance up (in this case you are IO bound and not CPU bound).

== What is the Security role "Eventing Full Admin" for?

In versions earlier to 7.0.0, Eventing always ran with "Full Admin" privileges. 
This prevented broader adoption as the role allowed creating new users and escalating privileges. 

> The new "Eventing Full Admin" role removes the ability to create users or modify credentials, improving security while still supporting the required Eventing operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Couchbase Server version 7.0.0 or earlier, Eventing always ran with `Full Admin` privileges. 
This prevented broader adoption as the role allowed creating new users and escalating privileges. 
The new `Eventing Full Admin` role removes the ability to create users or modify credentials, improving security while still supporting the required Eventing operations.
```

== What happens when more Workers are allocated for a Function?

Couchbase Server limits the maximum number of workers to 64 for a specific Function with a default of 3 workers. 
The upper limit optimizes system performance and the server prevents you from creating a function that exceeds this limit.

> When deploying or resuming a paused function, a threshold is dynamically calculated based on node's resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying or resuming a paused function, a threshold is dynamically calculated based on your node's resources. 
```

If the number of workers exceeds this calculation, the system automatically generates a warning message but does not prevent the Function deployment. 
An example is as follows:

[.out]`There are 104 eventing workers configured to run on 24 cores. 
A sizing exercise is recommended.`

> Typically you must not configure more than 4 × the number of physical cores (or 2 × the number of vCPUS) across all your Eventing functions.

Reviewer: Why did you change the meaning from "should not" to "must not"?

If you have a high throughput for every Eventing Function for best performance the total number of workers should not exceed the number of physical cores.

> If you want to support a high number of curl() calls to slow REST endpoints, greater than 20 ms, you'll need to define more workers to increase parallelism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to support a high number of curl() calls to slow REST endpoints, greater than 20 ms, you need to define more workers to increase parallelism.
```

== When should developers use the try-catch block in Eventing Functions?

As a best practice, while writing the Eventing Function's JavaScript code, for basic error handling and debugging operations, it's recommended that application developers use the try-catch block.

Before deployment, Couchbase Server verifies the Eventing Function's code.

> Only valid Functions get deployed. Using the _log()_ option within a _try-catch block(s)_, you can record errors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only valid Functions get deployed. Using the `log()` option within a `try-catch` block, you can record errors. 
```

These error logs get stored in the Eventing function's application log file. 
NOTE: The Eventing function's application log file on disk is specific to the node that processed the mutation and is not global across the cluster. 
By default, JavaScript runtime errors get stored in the system logs. 

> Unlike system logs, troubleshooting, and debugging operations are easy when you use the _try-catch_ block and application _log()_ options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike system logs, troubleshooting, and debugging operations are easy when you use the `try-catch` block and application `log()` options.
```

During runtime, the Application logs do not capture any Eventing Function code exceptions, by default. 

> To log exceptions, it's recommended to encapsulate your code in a _try-catch_ block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To log exceptions, surround your code in a `try-catch` block.
```

}
----
+

> In the example above, a single mutation in "collectionA" creates an infinite loop updating a record in "collectionB", then in "collectionC", then in "collectionA", over and over again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, a single mutation in `collectionA` creates an infinite loop updating a record in `collectionB`, then in `collectionC`, then in `collectionA`, over and over again.
```

    collectionB[meta.id] = {"status":"updated by functionA"};
}
----

> * Although the Couchbase Server can detect simple infinite recursions, a long chain of source and destination collections across multiple Eventing Functions can create complex infinite recursion scenarios. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Although Couchbase Server can detect simple infinite recursions, a long chain of source and destination collections across multiple Eventing Functions can create complex infinite recursion scenarios. 
```

> It's recommended that the developers identify and avoid these cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to identify and avoid these cases.
```

> * As a best practice, make sure that the collections to which the Eventing Function performs a write operation, do not have other Eventing Functions configured for tracking data mutations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a best practice, make sure that the collections where your Eventing Function performs a write operation do not have other Eventing Functions configured for tracking data mutations.
```

Always make sure that the memory quota on your metadata Eventing Storage keyspace (metadata collection) is sufficiently large to make sure a residency ratio of 100%. 
Also, avoid using an Ephemeral bucket for your Eventing Storage keyspace (refer to the next question for details). 

You should only use Buckets of type Couchbase for data persistence of the Eventing Storage or metadata (for details refer to next question).

== Can I use Ephemeral Buckets with Eventing?

Yes, Ephemeral are fine for user data but not for the Eventing Storage (metadata collection). 

The source bucket and any bucket (or keyspace) bindings of your Eventing Function can be Ephemeral. However, the Eventing Storage keyspace (metadata collection) should always be persistent.

NOTE: The Eventing Storage keyspace must be in a Bucket of type Couchbase. 
If this keyspace is not persistent the Data Service, or KV, it evicts timer and checkpoint documents on hitting quota and Eventing can lose track of both timers and mutations processed. 
Furthermore at any point, refrain from deleting the Eventing metadata collection. 

> Also, make sure that your Eventing Function's JavaScript code or other services does not perform a write or delete operation on the Eventing metadata collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The Eventing Storage keyspace must be in a Bucket of type Couchbase. 
If this keyspace is not persistent, the Data Service, or KV, evicts timer and checkpoint documents after hitting quota.
Eventing can lose track of both timers and mutations processed. 
At any point, do not delete the Eventing metadata collection. 
Make sure that your Eventing Function's JavaScript code or other services do not perform a write or delete operation on the Eventing metadata collection.
```
Might want to verify this - we don't have a "Couchbase"-type bucket, as far as I know.

NOTE: Watch the number of documents in your collections (source, Eventing Storage, and destination(s)) and in particular pay close attention to the change in the resident ratio. 
Typically, this could be due to growth in your overall dataset.

For example, a high velocity Eventing function that's processing in excess of 12K mutations/sec with a source or destination collection residency ratio of 100% can start to experience issues if the residency ratio drops below 18%.
This percentage is not hard and fast and varies based on a variety of factors such as the number of mutations acted on, the storage type, and so on. 
----
2020-03-13T11:46:32.383-07:00 [INFO] "Exception: " {"message":{"code":392,"desc": \
"Temporary failure received from server. Try again later","name":"LCB_ETMPFAIL"}, \
"stack":"Error\n    at OnUpdate (MyEventingFunction.js:177:25)"}
----

The above error indicates that the system is under provisioned for the load. 
Under the hood, Eventing tries to access the data store 5 times, with a 200{nbsp}ms pause between attempts. 

> If all of the attempts fail, the Eventing Function, in this case _MyEventingFunction_, throws an *LCB_ETMPFAIL* message from libcouchbase. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all of the attempts fail, the Eventing Function, in this case `MyEventingFunction`, throws an *LCB_ETMPFAIL* message from `libcouchbase`. 
```

This is important to understand as trapping the above exception and retrying the same operation inside your Eventing Function only exacerbates the issue and make things worse.  
Of course your Eventing Function can take other actions such as creating a notification.

> Two solutions are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2 solutions are available:
```

. The first solution is to increase the memory quota of the collection's bucket to improve the resident ratio.

. The second solution is to add more Data nodes, use faster disk I/O, and increase memory to remove the resource bottleneck.

== Always escape quotes in regular expressions in your Eventing Function.

When using bare regular expressions you should always escape a single quote or a double quote with a backslash character. 
Although non-escaped quotes are legal in the JavaScript language they do not pass Eventing Service's parser.
----
mystring.match(/(\S+)[^=]=["']?((?:.(?!["']?\s+(?:\S+)[^=]=|[>"']))+.)["']?/g);
----

> Write the above bare regular expression with the quotes escaped via the \ character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to escape the quotes in the regular expression with a backslash (`\`) character.
```
